Bpf ring over writable (#17)
kinvolk/linux: Documentation/bpf/ringbuf.rst

notifications, commit/discard/output helpers accept ``BPF_RB_NO_WAKEUP`` and
``BPF_RB_FORCE_WAKEUP`` flags, which give full control over notifications of
data availability, but require extra caution and diligence in using this API.

Specific case of overwritable ring buffer
-----------------------------------------

> Using ``BFP_F_RB_OVERWRITABLE`` when creating the ring buffer wille make it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using ``BFP_F_RB_OVERWRITABLE`` when creating the ring buffer will make it
```

overwritable.

> As a consequence, the producers will never be stopped to write data, *i.e.* in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a consequence, the producers will never be stopped from writing data, *i.e.* in
```
